# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
**In 1-2 sentences, explain the problem statement: **

"This dataset contains data about bank marketing. It contains data of direct phone call marketing, taken from the University of California, Irvine machine learning repository (link: https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Bank+Marketing.)"

**In 1-2 sentences, explain the solution: e.g. **

"The best performing model was a VotingEnsemble obtained through AutoML with the primary metric accuracy as 0.947404."


## Scikit-learn Pipeline

Following steps first I create a compute cluster and configure the training. Next the data is one hor encoded and split into train and test sets. HyperDriveConfig and AutoMLConfig were created for compare this models and the accuracy was chosen as the primary metric and logistic regression.

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

The training of this models took almost 10 minutes.

## Pipeline comparison

Big difference showup with the sampler and early termination policy ub case of hyperparameters.

## Future work

Since the hyperparameters are specified automatically, it makes AutoML more efficient in time, it would only be to increase memory to the compute instance.


